Under latest releases.

on the left It is....   Ain't That Like My Masterpiece on Spotify, url is   https://open.spotify.com/track/3DPBvXAjOU8vgr8VWeLyTd?si=dda6976d00ee4da1

i've included in this email new image.

Middle release, keep image you have, and it is a soundcloud playlist link.it's called A Jazze Plastic Night.  https://soundcloud.com/j_ordon/sets/reaching-thru-a-plastic-jazzy?si=82df597d85ca45039a35baf5b4ad1943&utm_source=clipboard&utm_medium=text&utm_campaign=social_sharing

On right, Heroes in the dark is cool...

On Visual Diary section the brick face image i think is cut off on top...

On about page...here is propper text.....

Jim Beard, who was a world renowned jazz pianist for Steely Dan - (referring to Jae’s Nashville album), states “Congratulations on a marvelous album Jae!”.

This ground breaking album had one of it’s recordings entitled Life Whispers On, reach #7 on Canada’s Cashbox Radio in the August of 2024.

Disc Jockey Dave Michaels for Albany’s  WEXT radio responds to Jae Ordon’s music, proclaiming….”These recordings are masterpieces!”.

Jae Ordon, (AKA Mascot’s Distance) sings his Folk-Jazz-Rock compositions while accompanying himself on piano and guitar has been featured in Time Out New York and was also chosen to be a featured artist at two exclusive ASCAP workshops.  He has worked with Ian Gillan of Deep Purple, Michael McDonald’s horn section, member’s of John Mayer’s band, Christopher Cross’s band Robben Ford’s bass player Brian Allen, Lori McKenna’s drummer Wes Little, Brittany Murphy, Karen Allen, Taye Diggs, Pete Yorn, The Gorillaz, Bed Bath and Beyond, Folger’s Coffee, Volvo and the broadway musical Wicked’s composer Stephen Schwartz.

........................

Also I wonder whether or not we will b able to have some reviews some place..

Here is that text......

Critics say:

“Mascot’s Distance, at last an original sound in that spiny, sparkling streak of sardonic American music occupied by Steely Dan. Very reminiscent of the seductive hooks & jazz influenced energy featured in the great work of The Style Council.”  By Robert Whyte (The Village Voice)

“It would be too easy to write off Mascot’s Distance as disciples of Ben Folds Five or Keane. Sure, they all boast stellar line-ups and ultra catchy melodies, but that is as far as the comparisons should go. Musically, they venture into the jazz influenced pop realm of Steely Dan, complete with all of the dark humor.” By Marco Passarelli (The New Yorker Magazine)

“The use of sweet chords & rhythms combined with bitter lyrics, a pervasive thread in the efforts of Mascot’s Distance. The synthesis of jazzy, poppy melodic hooks with a glimmering glimpse of the darker side of the picket fence apple pie America.” By A.J. Maloney (New York Times)

...............................

I'm also wondering about merch page, since i don't have any right now...we should discuss...

Also copyright on bottom of website should b 2026, rather than 2024...

Thank you

https://sonic-canvas--sales423.replit.app/



JO
J Ordon
2:09 PM




One more thing please...i was wondering about...when i spoke to you originally you said that i should have a way for people to listen to music on site, is that what happens when you click on each new release?   Also, wondering whether in that case is spotify embeded on site, so that when they listen it registers with Spotify as a play in event they listen for more than 30 seconds...


Add team comment

